Vision: Blood Mage sacrifices survivability for potency.
		The more he sacrifices, the more powerful he becomes.
		Blood Mage is dark and aggressive.
		Blood Mage's spells should reflect his dark nature.
		Even Blood Mage's support and defense seplls should be dark in nature.
 


Basic Skills:
	1. Sacrifice: Give up 15% of current max HP. Gain 1 blood point (BP) for each max HP lost.
			Rank: Reduce Sacrifice's base cooldown from 3 to 2. When Sacrifice is used around eneimes, damage them and heal Blood Mage.
				Cost: 3 Rank Points
	2. Book of Power: A book that contains Blood Mage's offensive spells.
		1. Vanishing Strike: Blink to enemy use 50% of all bp. Deal .75 damage per bp spent. After .25 seconds, blinks back to original location.
				rank 1.
				rank 2.
				rank 3.
		2.
		3.
	3. Book of Defense (Name in Progress)
		1. Bloodlust: Gives 15% lifetsteal. Increases Maximum HP to Blood Point Conversion of Sacrifice from 15% to 20%.
			Requires: 50 BP to initiate
			Consumes: 5 BP per second
		2. Blood and Gore: Gives bonus damage based on current BP. (+1 ATK for every 5 BP)
			Requires: 100 BP to initiate
			Consumes: 2% of current BP per second
			Deactivates: When current BP is less than 50
		3. Bloodforce : Increases Health Regeneration based on the Current BP (+0.1 for every BP)
			Requires: 200 BP to initiate
			Consumes: 1% of current BP per second
			Deactivates: When current BP is less than 100
	4. Book of Support (Name in Progress)
		1.
		2.
	5. Ulitmate - Bloody Gamble: When activated, if Blood Mage kills a hero, Blood Mage gains (number start with 40) max hp.
								 If Blood Mage dies while activated, Blood Mage loses (number: start with 40) max hp forever.
								 
	Rank Abilities:
	1. Cleanse: Use all BP and gain that amount of HP. Cannot used Sacrifice for a time based on BP used. (+0.1 seconds per BP spent)
	2. Summon Demon: Sacrifice 15% maximum hp of all allied players including yourself.
					 A controllable demon with power based upon HP sacrificed appears for an amount of time based on HP sacrificed.
					 Once Demon despawns or is killed, the sacrificed Maximum HP returns to each player.


